Q
Hello
A
Hello, I am ASD knowledge bot. Feel free to ask me anything about autism spectrum disorder (ASD).
Q
What is definition of Autistic Spectrum Disorder?
A
Autism, or autism spectrum disorder (ASD), refers to a broad range of conditions characterized by challenges with social skills, repetitive behaviors, speech and nonverbal communication. According to the Centers for Disease Control, autism affects an estimated 1 in 54 children in the United States today.
Q
What are the symptoms of Autistic Spectrum Disorder?
A
Making little or inconsistent eye contact. 
Tending not to look at or listen to people.
Rarely sharing enjoyment of objects or activities by pointing or showing things to others.
Failing to, or being slow to, respond to someone calling their name or to other verbal attempts to gain attention.
Having difficulties with the back and forth of conversation.
Often talking at length about a favorite subject without noticing that others are not interested or without giving others a chance to respond.
Having facial expressions, movements, and gestures that do not match what is being said.
Having an unusual tone of voice that may sound sing-song or flat and robot-like.
Having trouble understanding another person’s point of view or being unable to predict or understand other people’s actions.
Repeating certain behaviors or having unusual behaviors. For example, repeating words or phrases, a behavior called echolalia.
Having a lasting intense interest in certain topics, such as numbers, details, or facts.
Having overly focused interests, such as with moving objects or parts of objects.
Getting upset by slight changes in a routine.
Being more or less sensitive than other people to sensory input, such as light, noise, clothing, or temperature.
People with ASD may also experience sleep problems and irritability. Although people with ASD experience many challenges, they may also have many strengths, including:
Being able to learn things in detail and remember information for long periods of time.
Being strong visual and auditory learners.
Excelling in math, science, music, or art.
Q
What should I do if I got diagnosis the Autistic Spectrum Disorder?
A
Consult a doctor and psychologist for early intervention programs.